#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==0.8.0
    # via datasette
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.5.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
asgi-csrf==0.9
    # via datasette
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   uvicorn
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   fuzzysearch
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   requests-cache
    #   trio
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cattrs==1.10.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via readability-lxml
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   htmldate
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   click-default-group
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
courlan==0.7.1
    # via trafilatura
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via readability-lxml
datasette==0.61.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasette-render-images
datasette-render-images==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dateparser==1.1.1
    # via htmldate
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
ete3==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.6.0
    # via tldextract
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fuzzysearch==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
geckodriver-autoinstaller==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
genshi==0.7.6
    # via htmldiff
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
html5lib==1.1
    # via htmldiff
htmldate==1.2.1
    # via trafilatura
htmldiff @ git+https://github.com/edsu/htmldiff@b3a4d0d9eade7ce7e6487948a631f8b02d6f5c9a
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==0.14.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.22.0
    # via datasette
hupper==1.10.3
    # via datasette
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   tldextract
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==5.6.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   asgi-csrf
    #   datasette
janus==1.0.0
    # via datasette
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasette
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsons==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-archive==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-archive
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-proxy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via ipywidgets
justext==3.0.0
    # via trafilatura
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via courlan
lxml==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   htmldate
    #   justext
    #   readability-lxml
    #   trafilatura
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via datasette
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.3.7
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
ndjson==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
newick==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.4.10
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pint==0.19
    # via datasette
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via datasette
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pymupdf==1.19.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyqt5==5.15.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.2
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.9.1
    # via pyqt5
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-baseconv==1.2.2
    # via datasette
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   dateparser
    #   htmldate
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   sqlite-utils
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via asgi-csrf
python-slugify==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via datasette
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
readability-lxml==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2022.3.2
    # via dateparser
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
requests-cache==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.0
    # via scikit-learn
selenium==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
simpervisor==0.4
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   genshi
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
    #   requests-file
    #   surt
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlite-fts4==1.0.1
    # via sqlite-utils
sqlite-utils==3.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
surt==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via sqlite-utils
terminado==0.13.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tld==0.12.6
    # via courlan
tldextract==3.2.0
    # via surt
toolz==0.11.2
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via -r requirements.in
trafilatura==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
trio==0.20.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via janus
typish==1.9.3
    # via jsons
tzdata==2022.1
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via dateparser
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.9
    # via
    #   courlan
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   selenium
    #   trafilatura
uvicorn==0.17.6
    # via datasette
voila==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
websocket-client==1.3.2
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.2
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
wsproto==1.1.0
    # via trio-websocket
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
